The Queen Mother has disturbed her life. Why don't I dare to touch the Han Dynasty no matter what?
Your Majesty, please don’t be careless. As a medical officer,
Is it normal to go to a medical officer to buy Yaosheng?
Your Majesty, this is not fate, this is one of the reasons.
This man bought the fairy, and the emperor happened to use the fairy.
Doesn't this just mean that this person wants to touch the Han Emperor?
Sister, when you came here you didn’t even have any evidence, so you came here to prove me.
Why can't the prince prove him?
The wall is so reasonable, it was obviously your key that killed the emperor,
Still want to recommend it to others?
My sister said I harmed the emperor
Does my sister have any evidence?
If you have no evidence
She's my sister, don't talk nonsense, Xu Yiguan
You'd better be honest and proud
A certain emperor is not just you
It will also strip away your responsibilities and your lower body
The whole lower body obeyed the orders of Dr. Wang.
Go buy Tianxianzi
Little Queen Mother Ming Jian
Cheng definitely did not pass the first level of Xu
Go buy Buyian Xianzi
The dead man harasses important ministers for no reason
Don't be sniffed by the prince
Doctor Wang has been in the public eye for many years
How could he possibly murder the emperor?
Promise him not to talk nonsense
I'm not talking nonsense
The minister said six pieces of evidence
able to prove
Is it the evidence of Tianxianzi that Dr. Wang asked his ministers to buy?
This is Doctor Wang
Prescriptions written in letters
I asked my subordinates to buy Tianxianzi
Fortunately, we can check clearly